Document two new feature gates around CEL cost enforcement (#47321)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/strict-cos-enforcement-for-VAP.md

---
title: StrictCostEnforcementForVAP
content_type: feature_gate
_build:
  list: never
  render: false

stages:
  - stage: alpha
    defaultValue: false
    fromVersion: "1.31"
    
---

> Enable the enforcement of the strict cost calculation for CEL extended libraries in ValidatingAdmissionPolicy.

Reviewer: Even better:
```suggestion
Enable enforcement of the strict cost calculation for CEL extended libraries used within a
[ValidatingAdmissionPolicy](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/validating-admission-policy/).
```

Author: Thank you. Updated :)

---
title: StrictCostEnforcementForVAP
content_type: feature_gate
_build:
  list: never
  render: false

stages:

>   - stage: alpha

Reviewer 2: Is this an _alpha_ or _beta_ feature? Looking at the code, it appears to be beta. Apologies if I misunderstood or if there's any confusion on my end.

	genericfeatures.StrictCostEnforcementForVAP: {Default: false, PreRelease: featuregate.Beta},
	
_[Referring to kubernetes/kubernetes/pkg/features/kube_features.go#L1300 (here)](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/6fc0a69044f1ac4c13841ec4391224a2df241460/pkg/features/kube_features.go#L1300)_

Author: Ohh I forgot we agreed to introduce this as beta for this special fg. Thanks

    defaultValue: false

>     fromVersion: "1.30"

Reviewer 2: If these features were introduced in v1.30, we might want to target the _main_ branch for this PR, which currently has the latest v1.30 docs?

Author: Makes sense. I'll close this one and create another PR against the main branch then. Thanks!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fromVersion: "1.31"
```
?
